Hide peer-reviewed papers from participants (#5671)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

- Hide the top box with the latest files of an editable until it has been accepted
  and published (:issue:`5660`, :pr:`5665`)
- Allow uploading files when requesting changes on the editing timeline (:pr:`5612`)

> - Added a setting to hide peer-reviewed papers from participants even after they have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add setting to hide peer-reviewed papers from participants even after they have
```

more concise and we use present in the changelog just like in commit  messages
